Add documentation for EIB's RPM resolution logic (#161)
suse-edge/edge-image-builder: docs/building-images.md

    disable:
      - serviceX
  keymap: us
  packages:

>     noGPGCheck: true

Reviewer: Perhaps a `false` value in this example is better?

  * `disable` - Optional; List of systemd services to disable.
* `keymap` - Optional; sets the virtual console (VC) keymap, full list via `localectl list-keymaps`. If unset, we default to
  `us`.

> * `packages` - Optional; Defines packages that need to be resolved and installed on the operating system during the combustion phase. For detailed information on how to use this configuration, see the [Installing pacakges](installing-packages.md) guide.

Reviewer 2: I see why you used the phrase "need to be resolved", but I worry that won't be enough for new devs who haven't been around for the discussions to understand. Perhaps something like:

"Packages that should have their dependencies determined and pre-loaded into the built image" -- or something along those lines.

>   * `noGPGCheck` - Optional; Defines whether GPG validation should be done over all additional repositories and side-loaded RPMs. If set to `true` it effectively disables all GPG validaiton. If unset, defaults to `false`. **Disabling GPG validation is intended for development purposes only!**

Reviewer: Nit: Please consider the following wording. Ignore if you prefer more detailed explanation.
```suggestion
  * `noGPGCheck` - Optional; Defines whether GPG validation should be disabled for all additional repositories and side-loaded RPMs. **Disabling GPG validation is intended for development purposes only!**
```
